Add documentation for the UBI plugin (#7284)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/ubi/schemas.md

---
layout: default
title: UBI index schemas
parent: User behavior insights
has_children: false
nav_order: 7
---

# UBI index schemas

> **User Behavior Insights** (UBI) **data collection** is about linking user queries to subsequent user actions (events) taken in response to the search results.

Reviewer: Please use bolding sparingly (if it's really necessary :)

  Q -.4) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.-> Docs ;  
end

Docs -- "5) <i>return</i> both <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span> & [<i>objects</i>,...]" --->Search ;
Search-.6) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.->U;
Search --7) [<i>results</i>, ...]--> User

style *client-side* stroke-width:1px, stroke:#D35400
subgraph "`*client-side*`"
  style User stroke-width:4px, stroke:#EC636
  User["`**User**`" fa:fa-user]
  App
  Search  
  U
  style App fill:#D35400,opacity:.35, stroke:#0A1CCF, stroke-width:2px
  subgraph App[&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;UserApp fa:fa-store]
    style Search stroke-width:2px, stroke:#0A1CCF
    Search(&emsp;Search Client&emsp;)    
    style U stroke-width:1px,stroke:red
    U(&emsp;<b>UBI Client</b>&emsp;)
  end
end

User -.8) <i>selects</i> <span style="font-family:Courier New">object_id:123</span>.->U;
U-."9) <i>index</i> event:{<span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id, onClick, object_id:123</span>}".->E;

linkStyle 1,2,0,6 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:#0A1CCF
linkStyle 3,4,5,8 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:red
```
{% endcomment %}

> - The **search client** is in charge of searching and then receiving *objects* from a document index in OpenSearch.

Reviewer: Use "in the preceding diagram" instead of "the diagram above". Why is 5 bold?

- The **Search Client**, if separate from the **UBI Client**, forwards the indexed [`query_id`](#query_id) to the **UBI Client**.
    Even though the the roles of *search* and *UBI event indexing* are separated on this diagram, many implementations can use the same OpenSearch client instance for both roles of searching and index writing. 
    (6 in the diagram above).
    {: .note} 
- The **UBI Client** then indexes all user events with the specified [`query_id`](#query_id) until a new search is performed. At this time, a new `query_id` is generated by **User Behavior Insights** plugin and passed back to the **UBI Client**.
- If the **UBI Client** interacts with a result **object**, such as during an add to cart event, then the [`object_id`](#object_id), `add_to_cart` [`action_name`](#action_name) and `query_id` are all indexed together, signaling the causal link between the *search* and the *object*.
 (8 and 9, diagram above)

## UBI stores

> There are two separate stores involved in supporting UBI data collection:

Reviewer: Add a list here:
- UBI queries
- UBI events

> ### **UBI queries**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### UBI queries
```

> All underlying query information and results ([`object_id`](#object_id)'s) are stored in the `ubi_queries` index, and remain largely invisible in the background.

Reviewer: Don't use possessives and links. Rewrite so there is no `'s`.

> **UBI Queries** [schema](https://github.com/opensearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/queries-mapping.json)

Reviewer: Should this be a heading level 4? Otherwise, it's unclear what this is.

> The `ubi_queries` index, has the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ubi_queries` index has the following fields:
```

- `timestamp` (events and queries): A UNIX timestamp of when the query was received.

- `query_id` (events and queries): A unique ID of the query provided by the client or generated automatically. Different queries with the same text generate different `query_id` values. 
	
- `client_id` (events and queries): A user/client ID provided by the client application.

- `query_response_objects_ids` (queries):  An array of object IDs. An ID can have the same value as the `_id` but it is meant to be the externally valid ID of a document, item, or product.

Since UBI manages the `ubi_queries` index, you should never have to write directly to this index (except for importing data).

> ### **UBI events**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### UBI events
```

The client side directly indexes events to the `ubi_events` index, linking the event [`action_name`](#action_name), objects (each with an [`object_id`](#object_id)), and queries (each with a [`query_id`](#query_id)) along with any other important event information.
Because this schema is dynamic, you can add any new fields and structures (such as user information or geo-location information) that are not in the current **UBI Events** [schema](https://github.com/opensearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/events-mapping.json) at index time.

> Below are the defined fields within the `ubi_events` index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define the following fields within the `ubi_events` index:
```

>  <p id="application"> </p>

Reviewer: I would strongly suggest getting rid of HTML here, if there is no link to this section. HTML makes it harder to refactor documentation.

Author: The reason we went with this method of linking content was because the nested structure of the events index and the interdependencies of the nested fields between the two query and event indices.  We'd prefer to leave it this way, at least until we get more real-world feedback on the schema.

- `application`: (size 100) - The name of the application tracking UBI events (for example, `amazon-shop` or `ABC-microservice`).
 
 <p id="action_name"> </p>

> - `action_name`: (size 100) - The name of the action that triggered the event. The UBI specification defines some common action names, but you can use any name.

Reviewer: Global: use either a colon (`:`) or  two dashes (`--`) to separate the list item from description. Example:
```
`application` (size 100): The name....
```

<p id="client_id"> </p>

- `client_id`: The client issuing the query. Typically, the client is a web browser used by a unique user.
 :The `client_id` in both the **UBI Queries** and **UBI Events** indexes must be consistent.

- `timestamp`: When the event took place, either in UNIX format or formated as `2018-11-13T20:20:39+00:00`.

- `message_type`: (size 100) - A logical bin for grouping actions (each with an `action_name`). For example, `QUERY` or `CONVERSION`. 

- `message`: (size 1024) - An optional text message for the log entry. For example, for a `message_type` of `QUERY`, the `message` can contain the text related to a user's search.

- `event_attributes`: An extensible structure that describes any important context about the event. This structure consists of two primary structures: `position` and `object`. The structure is extensible so you can add custom information about the event, such as the event's timing, user, or session.
  
 Because the `ubi_events` index is configured to perform dynamic mapping, the index can become bloated with many new fields.
  {: .warning} 

>  - **`event_attributes.position`**: A structure that contains information about the location of the event origin, such as screen x, y coordinates or the object's position in the result list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `event_attributes.position`: A structure that contains information about the location of the event origin, such as screen x, y coordinates or the object's position in the result list:
```

 
   - `event_attributes.position.ordinal`: Tracks the position within a list that a user could select (for example, selecting the 3rd element can be described as `event{onClick, results[4]}`).

    - `event_attributes.position.{x,y}`: Tracks x and y values defined by the client.

    - `event_attributes.position.page_depth`: Tracks the page depth of the results.

    - `event_attributes.position.scroll_depth`: Tracks the scroll depth of the page results.

    - `event_attributes.position.trail`: A text field for tracking the path/trail that a user took to get to this location.
  

>   - **`event_attributes.object`**: Contains identifying information about the object returned from the query that the user interacts with (for example, a book, product, or post).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `event_attributes.object`: Contains identifying information about the object returned from the query that the user interacts with (for example, a book, product, or post).
```

- [`query_id`](#query_id) is a unique ID for the raw query language executed and the `object_id` values of the _hits_ returned by the user's query.  
- [`client_id`](#client_id) represents a unique query source. This is typically a web browser used by a unique user.
- [`object_id_field`](#object_id_field) specifies the name of the field in your index that provides the `object_id`. For example, if you search for books, the value might be `isbn_code`.
- [`action_name`](#action_name), though not technically an ID, specifies the exact user action (such as `click`, `add_to_cart`, `watch`, `view`, or `purchase`) that was taken (or not taken) for an object with a given `object_id`.

To summarize, the `query_id` signals the beginning of a unique search for a client tracked through a `client_id`. The search returns various objects, each with a unique `object_id`. The `action_name` specifies what action the user is performing and is connected to the objects, each with a specific `object_id`. You can differentiate between types of objects by inspecting the `object_id_field`.  

> Typically, you can infer the user's overall search history by retrieving all the data for the user's `client_id` and inspecting the individual `query_id` data. Each application decides what makes a search session by examining the data in the backend.

Reviewer 2: The meaning of the second sentence is unclear. Do we mean "Each application determines what constitutes a search session by examining the backend data"?

> Typically, you can infer the user's overall search history by retrieving all the data for the user's `client_id` and inspecting the individual `query_id` data. Each application decides what makes a search session by examining the data in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, you can infer the user's overall search history by retrieving all the data for the user's `client_id` and inspecting the individual `query_id` data. Each application determines what constitutes a search session by examining the backend data
```

- `timestamp` (events and queries) 
	&ensp; A UNIX timestamp of when the query was received

- `query_id` (events and queries) 
	&ensp; A unique ID of the query provided by the client or generated automatically. The same query text issued multiple times would generate different `query_id`. 
	
- `client_id` (events and queries)
  &ensp; A user/client ID provided by the client application

- `query_response_objects_ids` (queries)
	&ensp; This is an array of the `object_id`'s. This *could* be the same id as the `_id` but is meant to be the externally valid id of document/item/product.

### 2) **UBI events**
This is an index called `ubi_events` that the client side directly indexes events to, linking the event [`action_name`](#action_name), [`object_id`](#object_id)'s and [`query_id`](#query_id)'s together with any other important event information.
Since this schema is dynamic, the developer can add any new fields and structures (such as *user* information, *geo-location* information) at index time that are not in the current **UBI Events** [schema](https://github.com/opensearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/events-mapping.json):

>  <p id="application"> </p>

Author: They help with the redirects to the various sections without MD headers

>  <p id="application"> </p>

Reviewer: Are you referring to these sections from anywhere? If not, I would suggest removing the HTML. It makes the markdown text more complicated. If you are, I'd consider making these markdown headings.

- [`query_id`](#query_id) is a unique id for the raw query language executed and the `object_id`'s (_hits_) that the user's query returned.  
- [`client_id`](#client_id) represents a unique source of queries. Typically, this is a web browser used by a unique user.
- [`object_id_field`](#object_id_field) specifies the name of the field in your index that provides the `object_id`. For the book example, the value might be `isbn_code`.
- [`action_name`](#action_name), though not technically an ID, the `action_name` specifies the exact user action (such as `click`, `add_to_cart`, `watch`, `view`, or `purchase`) that was taken (or not taken) for an object with a given `object_id`.

To summarize, the `query_id` signals the beginning of a unique *search* for a client tracked through a `client_id`. The search returns various objects, each with a unique`object_id`. Every time a user performs an interaction, the `action_name` specifies what action the user is performing and is connected to the objects, each with a specific `object_id`. You can differentiate between types of objects by inspecting the `object_id_field`.  

> Typically, you can infer the user's overall *search journey* by retrieving all the data for the user's `client_id` and inspecting individual `query_id` data. Each application decides what makes a *search session* by examining the data in the backend.

Reviewer 3: I don't know about the use of italics here, as we are not introducing new concepts, unless we want to define these terms somewhere in the context of UBI. You use bold to identify concepts later in the topic. Maybe that is a better approach?

## Important UBI roles

> The following diagram illustrates how the **User** interacts with the **Search Client** and **UBI Client**, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates how the **user** interacts with the **Search client** and **UBI client**, 
```

> and how those, in turn, interact with the **OpenSearch Cluster**, which houses the **UBI Events** and **UBI Queries** indexes.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and how those, in turn, interact with the **OpenSearch cluster**, which houses the **UBI events** and **UBI queries** indexes.  
```

Blue arrows illustrate standard search. <br/>

> Bold, dashed lines illustrates UBI-specific additions.<br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Bold, dashed lines illustrate UBI-specific additions.<br/>
```

  Q -.4) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.-> Docs ;  
end

Docs -- "5) <i>return</i> both <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span> & [<i>objects</i>,...]" --->Search ;
Search-.6) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.->U;
Search --7) [<i>results</i>, ...]--> User

style *client-side* stroke-width:1px, stroke:#D35400
subgraph "`*client-side*`"
  style User stroke-width:4px, stroke:#EC636
  User["`**User**`" fa:fa-user]
  App
  Search  
  U
  style App fill:#D35400,opacity:.35, stroke:#0A1CCF, stroke-width:2px
  subgraph App[&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;UserApp fa:fa-store]
    style Search stroke-width:2px, stroke:#0A1CCF
    Search(&emsp;Search Client&emsp;)    
    style U stroke-width:1px,stroke:red
    U(&emsp;<b>UBI Client</b>&emsp;)
  end
end

User -.8) <i>selects</i> <span style="font-family:Courier New">object_id:123</span>.->U;
U-."9) <i>index</i> event:{<span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id, onClick, object_id:123</span>}".->E;

linkStyle 1,2,0,6 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:#0A1CCF
linkStyle 3,4,5,8 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:red
```
{% endcomment %}

> - The **Search Client** is in charge of searching and then receiving *objects* from a document index in OpenSearch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The **Search client** is in charge of searching and then receiving *objects* from a document index in OpenSearch.
```

  <br/>(1, 2, **5** and 7, in the preceding diagram)

Step **5** is in bold because it denotes UBI-specific additions like [`query_id`](#query_id) to standard OpenSearch interactions.
 {: .note}

> - If activated in the `ext.ubi` stanza of the search request, the **User Behavior Insights** plugin manages the **UBI Queries** store in the background, indexing each query, ensuring a unique [`query_id`](#query_id) along with all returned resultant [`object_id`](#object_id)'s, and then passing the `query_id` back to the **Search Client** so that events can be linked to this query.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If activated in the `ext.ubi` stanza of the search request, the **User Behavior Insights** plugin manages the **UBI queries** store in the background, indexing each query, ensuring a unique [`query_id`](#query_id) along with all returned resultant [`object_id`](#object_id)'s, and then passing the `query_id` back to the **Search client** so that events can be linked to this query.
```

 <br/>(3, 4 and **5**, in preceding diagram)
- **Objects** represent the items that the user is searching for using the queries. Activating UBI involves mapping your real-world objects (using their identifiers such as an `isbn` or  `sku`) to the [`object_id`](#object_id) fields in the index that is searched.

> - The **Search Client**, if separate from the **UBI Client**, forwards the indexed [`query_id`](#query_id) to the **UBI Client**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The **Search client**, if separate from the **UBI client**, forwards the indexed [`query_id`](#query_id) to the **UBI client**.
```

    Even though the the roles of *search* and *UBI event indexing* are separated on this diagram, many implementations can use the same OpenSearch client instance for both roles of searching and index writing. 
    <br/>(6 in the preceding diagram).
    {: .note} 

> - The **UBI Client** then indexes all user events with the specified [`query_id`](#query_id) until a new search is performed. At this time, a new `query_id` is generated by **User Behavior Insights** plugin and passed back to the **UBI Client**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The **UBI client** then indexes all user events with the specified [`query_id`](#query_id) until a new search is performed. At this time, a new `query_id` is generated by **User Behavior Insights** plugin and passed back to the **UBI client**.
```

> - If the **UBI Client** interacts with a result **object**, such as during an add to cart event, then the [`object_id`](#object_id), `add_to_cart` [`action_name`](#action_name) and `query_id` are all indexed together, signaling the causal link between the *search* and the *object*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If the **UBI client** interacts with a result **object**, such as during an add to cart event, then the [`object_id`](#object_id), `add_to_cart` [`action_name`](#action_name) and `query_id` are all indexed together, signaling the causal link between the *search* and the *object*.
```

   The `object` structure can refer to the object by internal ID or object ID. The`object_id` is the id that links prior queries to this object. This field comprises the following subfields:
  
    - `event_attributes.object.internal_id`: A unique ID that OpenSearch can use to internally to index the object, for example, the `_id` field in the indexes.

      <p id="object_id">

    - `event_attributes.object.object_id`:  An ID by which a user can find the object instance within the **document corpus**. Examples include `ssn`, `isbn`, or `ean`.  Variants need to be incorporated in the `object_id`, so a red t-shirt's `object_id` should be its SKU.
      Initializing UBI requires mapping the document index's primary key to this `object_id`.
      </p>

      <p id="object_id_field">
         
    - `event_attributes.object.object_id_field`: Indicates the type/class of the object and the name of the search index field that contains the `object_id`.  

    - `event_attributes.object.description`: An optional description of the object.

    - `event_attributes.object.object_detail`: Optional text for specifying further data about the object.
          

>     - *extensible fields*: Any new indexed fields in the `object` dynamically expands this schema.

Reviewer 3: Why is this called out as a warning? Would be better to keep it as a regular bullet then add a warning underneath it.

Author: I wasn't sure how to be most emphatic about this point.  If a company were to broadly adopt UBI across multiple applications and the developers do not take heed in this warning, the index could grow to have hundreds or thousands of sparsely populated fields.

---
layout: default
title: UBI index schemas
parent: User Behavior Insights
has_children: false

> nav_order: 7

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
nav_order: 5
```

  Q -.4) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.-> Docs ;  
end

Docs -- "5) <i>return</i> both <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span> & [<i>objects</i>,...]" --->Search ;
Search-.6) <span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id</span>.->U;
Search --7) [<i>results</i>, ...]--> User

style *client-side* stroke-width:1px, stroke:#D35400
subgraph "`*client-side*`"
  style User stroke-width:4px, stroke:#EC636
  User["`**User**`" fa:fa-user]
  App
  Search  
  U
  style App fill:#D35400,opacity:.35, stroke:#0A1CCF, stroke-width:2px
  subgraph App[&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;UserApp fa:fa-store]
    style Search stroke-width:2px, stroke:#0A1CCF
    Search(&emsp;Search Client&emsp;)    
    style U stroke-width:1px,stroke:red
    U(&emsp;<b>UBI Client</b>&emsp;)
  end
end

User -.8) <i>selects</i> <span style="font-family:Courier New">object_id:123</span>.->U;
U-."9) <i>index</i> event:{<span style="font-family:Courier New">query_id, onClick, object_id:123</span>}".->E;

linkStyle 1,2,0,6 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:#0A1CCF
linkStyle 3,4,5,8 stroke-width:2px,fill:none,stroke:red
```
{% endcomment %}

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are some key points regarding the roles:
```

 {: .note}
- If activated in the `ext.ubi` stanza of the search request, the **User Behavior Insights** plugin manages the **UBI queries** store in the background, indexing each query, ensuring a unique [`query_id`](#query_id) along with all returned resultant [`object_id`](#object_id)'s, and then passing the `query_id` back to the **Search client** so that events can be linked to this query.
 <br/>(3, 4 and **5**, in preceding diagram)
- **Objects** represent the items that the user is searching for using the queries. Activating UBI involves mapping your real-world objects (using their identifiers such as an `isbn` or  `sku`) to the [`object_id`](#object_id) fields in the index that is searched.
- The **Search client**, if separate from the **UBI client**, forwards the indexed [`query_id`](#query_id) to the **UBI client**.
    Even though the the roles of *search* and *UBI event indexing* are separated on this diagram, many implementations can use the same OpenSearch client instance for both roles of searching and index writing. 
    <br/>(6 in the preceding diagram).
    {: .note} 

> - The **UBI client** then indexes all user events with the specified [`query_id`](#query_id) until a new search is performed. At this time, a new `query_id` is generated by **User Behavior Insights** plugin and passed back to the **UBI client**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The **UBI client** then indexes all user events with the specified [`query_id`](#query_id) until a new search is performed. At this time, a new `query_id` is generated by the **User Behavior Insights** plugin and passed back to the **UBI client**.
```

> - If the **UBI client** interacts with a result **object**, such as during an add to cart event, then the [`object_id`](#object_id), `add_to_cart` [`action_name`](#action_name) and `query_id` are all indexed together, signaling the causal link between the *search* and the *object*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If the **UBI client** interacts with a result **object**, such as during an **add to cart** event, then the [`object_id`](#object_id), `add_to_cart` [`action_name`](#action_name) and `query_id` are all indexed together, signaling the causal link between the *search* and the *object*.
```

 <br/>(8 and 9, preceding diagram)

> 

Reviewer 2: Nearly all of the instances of `query_id` and `object_id` are linked to their respective sections, which is probably not necessary.

> 

Reviewer 3: Ah, gotcha. Probably not. I'll remove.

## UBI stores

There are two separate stores involved in supporting UBI data collection:
* UBI queries
* UBI events

### UBI queries index

All underlying query information and results ([object IDs](#object_id)) are stored in the `ubi_queries` index, and remain largely invisible in the background.

The `ubi_queries` index [schema](https://github.com/OpenSearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/queries-mapping.json) has the following fields:

- `timestamp` (events and queries): A UNIX timestamp of when the query was received.

- `query_id` (events and queries): A unique ID of the query provided by the client or generated automatically. Different queries with the same text generate different `query_id` values. 
	
- `client_id` (events and queries): A user/client ID provided by the client application.

- `query_response_objects_ids` (queries):  An array of [object IDs](#object_id). An ID can have the same value as the `_id` but it is meant to be the externally valid ID of a document, item, or product.

> Since UBI manages the `ubi_queries` index, you should never have to write directly to this index (except for importing data).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since UBI manages the `ubi_queries` index, you should never have to write directly to this index (except when importing data).
```

### UBI events index

The client side directly indexes events to the `ubi_events` index, linking the event [`action_name`](#action_name), objects (each with an [`object_id`](#object_id)), and queries (each with a [`query_id`](#query_id)) along with any other important event information.

> Because this schema is dynamic, you can add any new fields and structures (such as user information or geo-location information) that are not in the current **UBI Events** [schema](https://github.com/opensearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/events-mapping.json) at index time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because this schema is dynamic, you can add any new fields and structures (such as user information or geo-location information) that are not in the current **UBI events** [schema](https://github.com/opensearch-project/user-behavior-insights/tree/main/src/main/resources/events-mapping.json) at index time.
```

The following are the pre-defined, minimal fields within the `ubi_events` index:

Developers may define new fields under [`event_attributes`](#event_attributes).
{: .note}

 <p id="application"> </p>

- `application` (size 100) : The name of the application tracking UBI events (for example, `amazon-shop` or `ABC-microservice`).
 
 <p id="action_name"> </p>

- `action_name` (size 100) : The name of the action that triggered the event. The UBI specification defines some common action names, but you can use any name.

 <p id="query_id"> </p>

- `query_id` (size 100) : The unique identifier of a query, typically a UUID, but can be any string.

>  :The `query_id` is either provided by the client or generated at index time by the UBI plugin. The `query_id` values in both the **UBI Queries** and **UBI Events** indexes must be consistent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 :The `query_id` is either provided by the client or generated at index time by the UBI plugin. The `query_id` values in both the **UBI queries** and **UBI events** indexes must be consistent.
```

<p id="client_id"> </p>

- `client_id`: The client issuing the query. Typically, the client is a web browser used by a unique user.

>  :The `client_id` in both the **UBI Queries** and **UBI Events** indexes must be consistent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 :The `client_id` in both the **UBI queries** and **UBI events** indexes must be consistent.
```

- `timestamp`: When the event took place, either in UNIX format or formated as `2018-11-13T20:20:39+00:00`.

- `message_type` (size 100) : A logical bin for grouping actions (each with an `action_name`). For example, `QUERY` or `CONVERSION`. 

- `message` (size 1024) : An optional text message for the log entry. For example, for a `message_type` of `QUERY`, the `message` can contain the text related to a user's search.

 <p id="event_attributes"> </p>

> - `event_attributes`: An extensible structure that describes any important context about the event. This structure consists of two primary structures: `position` and `object`. The structure is extensible so you can add custom information about the event, such as the event's timing, user, or session.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `event_attributes`: An extensible structure that describes important context about the event. This structure consists of two primary structures: `position` and `object`. The structure is extensible so you can add custom information about the event, such as the event's timing, user, or session.
```
